Neutrino source above muon production threshold - Background
Hadronic system - Background = baryon/meson produced
Why can't the electrons be captured from electron neutrinos

Does oxygen only capture one type of muon? - only negative muons in a specific fraction

Gadolinium captures the neutrons which are released by the oxygen
What does the purity of the sample mean/why is high purity required
Eliminates the neutrino energy factor, only distance/flavor

Neutrino fluxes?

How do we know not massless
What does massive neutrinos imply with standard model
Meaning of mass inhibiting structure

Mixing angle determined by nature?

Capture frequency postulated to be independent of neutrino energy, gain percentage of neutrons of neutrino and anti-neutrino within a sample

Purity meaning and purpose?

1/2. What software exists currently
3. Within what programming paradigm
5. Meaning of calibrating the experiment

Article 1:
p4 - singlet vs triplet states for a p\mu atom?
p4 - Where did the remaining 18% (or 10% because light is because of lack of emission) go?
p4 - Is neutron production the emission or the conversion of protons, such that bound states produce one, but not emit
p5 - virtual pion meaning? Also what is the parenthetical notation
p5 - How are the proposed reactions similar?
p6 - what does partial lifetime meaning?
p7 - weak interaction == muon decay? lepton decay?
p7 - mesonic states distinct from electron states or replacing them
p7 - capture rate dependent on decay time, such that replies on CPT (symmetry)
p7 - How can you say muons don't decay into electrons if the principle weak interaction formula (p7) stated the decay into an electron - no other mass loss, only energy meaning?
p7 - heavy electron == excited state?

Article 2:
p2 - Left handed partner has any proper meaning?
p2 - CP violation fix by third generation, GUTs strong interactions
p2 - Does mixing mean oscillation or something else
p2 - Double beta decay, end point beta-decay anomalies
p3 - What does it mean, why they are the masses they are, why these, why do they exist

p3 - Entire mass see-saw mechanism section, Majorana particles, etc....?????
   - Also definite flavors of quarks, weak charged current interactions, mixed states
   - 

Misc:
- Bosonic difference from fermions (exclusionary principle)?
- Do leptons and hadrons interact -> automatically weak?, can hadrons interacts with weak?
- Neutrinos only produce their cooresponding particles in interactions, Conservation of Lepton Number for Each Family (+- 1 per) - how with oscillation?, Conservation of Baryon Number, Conservataion of Strangeness